soderling year
investigators to guard
the opposition resorted to goal specialists
purely legal positions
so about the traffic jam
This is when work protection
Photo ap words Luchesku
I use this blow myself
too big a change
kochetov and video technology what is it
not rightfully
serjik ideological
project received to calculate
it all started
hand to hand
but to sense
fit over specified
not capable
swim without such
from under the rubble
technically
what to say
and fingers
then supposedly
with interruptions
besides i can see
six months later
bulls told davydov
he helped football with himself
I mean framed
tel 7 organized the request
I brought further
one of them to the shelter
connecting
skipping
and then according to art
because of our
here in Ukraine
Yes, and continued by itself
done in the courts
among systems
addiction he